The following insights were drawn from the dataset available.

Note: In order to achieve accuracy & to save huge lot of time & resources, I have used chatCSV as my Generative AI tool for the following insights:

Points: 

     The most common gender in the dataset is Male, with 8937 occurrences.
     The majority of individuals in the dataset are married, with 9698 occurrences.
     The most common profession in the dataset is 'Artist', with 5149 occurrences (fall under Low spending score category).
     The most common spending score in the dataset is 'Low', with 9633 occurrences.

Q.   Relation between spending score & profession?
Ans: Artists, Doctors, Engineers, Entertainment professionals, and Healthcare professionals have a higher number of individuals with a 'Low' spending score.
     Executives and Lawyers have a higher number of individuals with a 'High' spending score.
     Homemakers and Marketing professionals have a relatively balanced distribution across 'Low', 'Average', and 'High' spending scores.

Q. Any relationship of work experience of Lawyers & Executives with spending score?

Ans: For Lawyers:
     Those with 0 to 1 years of work experience have a higher number of individuals with a 'High' spending score.
     Those with 2 to 9 years of work experience have a higher number of individuals with a 'Low' spending score.
     Those with 10 or more years of work experience have a relatively balanced distribution across 'Low', 'Average', and 'High' spending scores

 For Executives:

     Those with 0 to 1 years of work experience have a higher number of individuals with a 'High' spending score.
     Those with 2 to 9 years of work experience have a higher number of individuals with a 'Low' spending score.
     Those with 10 or more years of work experience have a relatively balanced distribution across 'Low', 'Average', and 'High' spending scores.

Q. Proportion of lawyers & executives with 0 to 1 year work experience compared to their respective total numbers?

Ans: The proportion of Executives with 0 to 1 year of work experience compared to the total number of Executives is approximately 72%.
     The proportion of Lawyers with 0 to 1 year of work experience compared to the total number of Lawyers is approximately 88%.

    Conclusion: These professions have a higher concentration of individuals with a "High" spending score, particularly those with 0-1 year of work experience.
    This could suggest higher starting salaries or signing bonuses for these roles.

Q. Find the proportion of homemakers & marketing professionals having average & high spending scores out of their total numbers.

Ans: The proportion of Homemakers with 'Average' or 'High' spending scores compared to the total number of Homemakers is approximately 52%.
     The proportion of Marketing professionals with 'Average' or 'High' spending scores compared to the total number of Marketing professionals is approximately 48%.

     Conclusion: Approximately half of the Homemakers and Marketing professionals in the dataset have 'Average' or 'High' spending scores. This could indicate that these 
     individuals have a moderate to high level of disposable income, which they are willing to spend.







